[Music]
huh
hey miss Potts if you find this
recording don't feel better about this
part of the journey use the end
[Music]
just for the record being adrift in
space with zero promise of rescue is
more fun that sounds food and water ran
out four days ago
boxers don't run out tomorrow morning
I've been when I drift off I will dream
about him
it's how I see you
[Music]
danos did exactly what he said he was
gonna do
he wiped out 50% of all living creatures
we lost all of us
Plus friends you lost family
who lost a part of ourselves
this is the fight of our lives
this is gonna work Steve I know it is
cuz I don't know what I'm gonna do if it
doesn't
hi is anyone home this is Scott Lang we
met a few years ago at the airport in
Germany not really big is just an old
message I know you know that that's me
can you buzz me
[Music]